onedrive: about the Sites.Read.All permission request (#5883)
rclone/rclone: docs/content/onedrive.md

2. Enter a name for your app, choose account type `Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant) and personal Microsoft accounts (e.g. Skype, Xbox)`, select `Web` in `Redirect URI`, then type (do not copy and paste) `http://localhost:53682/` and click Register. Copy and keep the `Application (client) ID` under the app name for later use.
3. Under `manage` select `Certificates & secrets`, click `New client secret`. Enter a description (can be anything) and set `Expires` to 24 months. Copy and keep that secret _Value_ for later use (you _won't_ be able to see this value afterwards).
4. Under `manage` select `API permissions`, click `Add a permission` and select `Microsoft Graph` then select `delegated permissions`.

> 5. Search and select the following permissions: `Files.Read`, `Files.ReadWrite`, `Files.Read.All`, `Files.ReadWrite.All`, `offline_access`, `User.Read`, `Sites.Read.All` (optional). Once selected click `Add permissions` at the bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Search and select the following permissions: `Files.Read`, `Files.ReadWrite`, `Files.Read.All`, `Files.ReadWrite.All`, `offline_access`, `User.Read`, and optionally `Sites.Read.All` (see below). Once selected click `Add permissions` at the bottom.
```

Perhaps this and an extra sentence below explaining the option & linking to the issue #1770 would be better.
